when I was in tenth grade I started
getting made fun of and I became really
insecure I developed an eating disorder
i started drinking giving myself away by
my senior year in high school I was
really really depressed and suicidal and
I was just traded in at all I hated
myself ahead in my life and somebody
invited me to the basement and I finally
came because I've been hearing all this
crazy stuff and when I walked in Matt
was talking and I just remember the
whole service thinking this is exactly
what i need and i received Christ that
night and God literally saved my life
through the basement I was living a life
giving myself away two guys drinking
partying popularity you name it I was
doing and I went to the basement and he
talked about how you can find your
pyridine God again and how if you've
messed up God will forgive you and wash
your sins clean and he'll make you brand
new and make you a new creation and how
he can forgive you and he can be your
father because I didn't have a dad
anymore and I didn't know how to fill
that hole and that night God completely
set me free to change my life forever I
grew up in church for probably about 17
years and after that I got with the
wrong crowd and started a rolling with
them I got and getting the parties i was
doing drugs always i was drinking all
the time i was at a constant high
couldn't come down i didn't like me and
sober recently I had some buddies bring
me back into the basement and exchange
it's absolutely changed my life and I
I've actually got it real high now
that's everyday 24-70 I don't have to
smoke anything I don't have to take
anything
I have to don't have to do any of that I
want to drink anything to feel what I'd
have now with the lifestyle of drinking
and partying I just was really lost to
really broke in an empty and I walked
into the basement five years ago and I
remember seeing everyone worshiping and
praising God and it really showed me
that he's alive and he's real I accepted
him into my life that night and I've
never been the same
you